Issue#817 (#866)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-o365seccomp: SecurityCompliance/threat-explorer.md

- [Permissions in the Office 365 Security &amp; Compliance Center](permissions-in-the-security-and-compliance-center.md)
- [Feature permissions in Exchange Online](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/permissions-exo/feature-permissions)
  

> ## Some differences between Real time detection and Threat Exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Some differences between real-time detections and Threat Explorer
```

>  - **Real-Time detection report** is shipped with ATP P1 subscription while **Threat Explorer** comes with ATP P2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Real-time detection** is shipped with ATP Plan 1 subscription while **Threat Explorer** comes with ATP Plan 2.
```

>  - **Real-Time detections** report allows you to show up the detections in real-time while threat explorer reports allow you to see more details in a given attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Real-time detection** allows you to show up the detections in real-time while threat explorer reports allow you to see more details in a given attack.
```

>  - **Threat Explorer** reports offer different sets of reports that enhance your experience respect **Real-Time Detector** reports. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Threat Explorer** reports offer different sets of reports that enhance your experience in relation to **Real-time detection** .
```
